good afternoon dear friends company
just auto repair makes
alloy wheels on modern
high-tech equipment
now we are shooting machine already
straightened disc and put on it
damaged you will see how will
work on our machine
we placed on our machine
he has a damaged disk here
there is a dent that's clearly visible now
we will fix it so they
show in many services but how
exactly this service is produced you can
familiarize yourself by coming to some other
service comes a man with a sledgehammer cyprus
is sending your test, we also
we offer the folder of a disk on
professional equipment every
car owner just riding his
by car
may get damaged discs and this
can cause pressure on
tires will be them on evenly
distributed when driving you can
wheel imbalance occur and that
the worst can just get out
building suspension therefore repair
damaged disk need timely
work on the disk is finished with us and I
at first we heated the place that was
damaged
then we ran his press with
inside
then with external and above still sanding
we will look for where she doesn’t see
I can only assume that it was in
those places here it is colder yet
completely cold that is where the disk
It was heated because visually
not visually seen exactly
look from the inside visually
she is absolutely all exactly nowhere
no flaws no dents no
recesses, too, I can only feel
I'll look hotter so it was somewhere in
this area but set it in place
no i cant see no good work
just car service
if a
growth auto repair